[NARRATOR] Nearly ten years ago,
the Demon Lord's Domain
appeared, and mankind
lost their lands as a result.
In response to the turmoil,
the Gran Chaos Empire
put forth the Declaration of
Mankind's Common Front
Against the Demon Race.
Nations that signed
onto the Declaration
ratified the following
three articles:
The first states any changes
in borders among
mankind's territory
due to military action
will not be recognized.
The Principality of Amidonia
signed the treaty,
while the Kingdom of
Elfrieden did not.
Therefore, when the former
lost the capital of Van
to the latter, it was
possible for Amidonia
under article one to
appeal to the empire.
Using the power
of the Declaration,
they sought the return
of their lost territory.
If there are no more delays,
our two nations
can get down to business
and resume with our talks.
Right.
[JEANNE]
Thank you for the meal.
It was quite delicious.
Please, forgive us, typically we
would give you a banquet.
I shall repay you for
the food and hosting me.
Allow me to provide
a morsel of information.
Monster tastes good.
What I mean by that is
their meat can be eaten.
You're not joking.
And these monsters, they're from
the Demon Lord's Domain?
Of course, they taste
surprisingly normal.
[SOUMA gasps] You've tried
them yourself, Jeanne?
[SOUMA] She is cute,
but also a little bit crazy.
I'm impressed,
but was there any chance
it was actually kobold meat?
Uh-uh. It was
definitely a monster.
I would never even dream
of devouring demons
that resemble humans.
To be honest, I can't tell
the difference between
demons and monsters.
Oh, that's right.
I keep forgetting this whole
world is brand new to you.
Do you know about the fate
of our punitive force?
[SOUMA] Yeah, King
Albert told me about it.
I don't know how
much he mentioned,
but it was ten years ago.
A large number of soldiers
were decimated
by the demons.
This was when my sister
was nine and I was seven.
The punitive force was
under the command
of the former emperor,
who you've probably
worked out was my father.
Later, I heard stories,
how horrific the attack
by the monsters was.
Flames spewing from
teeth-lined jaws.
How cities were turned to ash,
and people were killed
and devoured, men,
women and children.
The monsters were running
rampant on pure instinct,
though, so some people were able
to escape their destruction.
[SOUMA]
Almost like wild animals.
[JEANNE] Meanwhile,
the demons demonstrated
well-organized behavior,
defeating our punitive force
with overwhelming strength.
Reports afterwards vary.
Some of the troops said
they were not pursued
by the enemy.
Others claimed the opposite,
and that pillaging
and butchering took place.
Kind of what you'd expect
if you were fighting
other people.
Makes you wonder
how the two differ.
Could it be possible that
demons may have evolved
from monsters?
We only know they
gained their intelligence
from eating people's brains.
At least, that's what the
religious folks made a big
fuss about, but their
narrative was full of holes.
Skipping ahead, after we
entrenched our battle lines,
the monsters kept up their
attack while we held.
But we have the
situation under control.
You can take it from me.
But we kind of strayed
from the topic.
So, back to eating monsters.
The meat I consumed, it belonged
to a giant flying serpent.
I'm not familiar
with that creature.
It's a large snake with
four bird-like wings
growing out of its back.
[SOUMA] As I recall,
Central and South Americans
worship Quetzalcoatl,
a god similar in appearance.
I don't know what possessed
you to eat something
like that, though.
[JEANNE] As for the taste, it
was somewhere between
a normal snake and bird.
[SOUMA]
It tasted like a regular snake?
As in she's eaten them before?
For a princess, you've
developed a taste for,
shall we say, unusual cuisine.
[JEANNE] I'm also a general
commanding troops.
If the occasion demands it,
we'll eat whatever we can find.
I suppose I can
see your reasoning.
Still I'm having a hard
time imagining how
you found out
in the first place.
From a scout party, they
discovered the remains
of monsters that
had been cooked.
So, you're saying...
We believe the demons
have been consuming them.
Naturally, when we
captured the same species,
we had to verify if they
were edible or not.
Upon trying it myself,
I found it tasted light
and surprisingly refreshing.
I mean, obviously this raises
more interesting points
besides the taste.
And that would be what?
Well, for starters, the fact
that demons were eating monsters
is way more shocking.
The implication is demons don't
regard monsters as equals.
There's a hierarchy.
Tell me something, Jeanne.
What is it?
Just what if demons and
monsters are the same as
what we call
people and animals.
Why would you ever think that?
Hey, no notes for this part.
Understood.
Must be disturbing if you don't
want it on the public record.
I can't wait to hear the
bombshell you're dropping.
Forgive me, in some situations
I realize these could be
seen as discriminatory
remarks, so...
In regards to what?
If you're talking about demons
and monsters, I'm intrigued.
The truth is,
animals, monsters...
I can't quite see
any difference.
And yes, I imagine that sounds
crazy to everyone here.
On that note, the races such
as beastmen and dragonewts--
They seem similar to demons.
That's mad.
The beings that occupy
this world are nothing like
the ones where I come from.
So I don't understand
how they're different.
Well for starters, demons!
Are you comparing
Tomoe to their kind?
Majesty! Saying that's too
far is an understatement!
[SOUMA]
Like I said!
This could most likely
end up being interpreted
as discriminatory!
[SOUMA sighs]
Let me ask you this.
Can you tell me the difference
between mystic wolves,
foxes, and kobolds, Jeanne?
Of course I can.
Kobold's faces
are more dog-like.
[SOUMA] Sure, but there are
races of beastmen
with animal-like faces,
aren't there?
I suppose, but now
that you mention it...
Wait! I know!
The kobolds have bodies
that are almost completely
covered in fur.
If that's the measure,
their fur length,
then what about demons we
know about without any hair?
After thinking
about all of this,
I realize now I'm
differentiating between people
and demons by sense alone.
Same for me.
But if I wasn't, I can't
really think of anything
that sets them apart.
How did we miss the
similarities for so long?
[SOUMA] It's probably a shared
awareness unique to this world.
There is a sensate
understanding of the difference
between mankind and demon.
I'm glad we won't be mentioning
this outside of the room.
If any bureaucrats
had been here,
then I would have
had to slay them.
Kill them?!
You're-- You wouldn't
really go that far, right?
Keep telling yourself that.
If word of this
discussion got out,
I would expect the
supercontinent to erupt
in riots.
Isn't that so, Hakuya?
Most definitely.
The species have been deemed
categorically different,
but if that stance were
to suddenly change,
the human supremacist
countries like Amidonia
would seize on the
news, targeting all
the multiracial peoples
like the high elves.
It would give them the
ammunition they need to launch
such attacks.
Additionally, if beastmen
and dragonewts
were compared to demons,
then they would be ostracized.
And various governments
would find ways
to oppress them.
All throughout the continent,
it would spark interracial
strife and social upheaval.
Sorry, I hadn't thought
it through that far yet.
[JEANNE]
Don't worry.
Better to bring it up
now rather than having it
thrust upon us.
I'm relieved to
hear you say that.
I'll admit, I don't know
if I have a solution.
It's possible to think of
demons as an ethnic minority.
If so, the Mankind Declaration
would make an appeal
against persecuting them. But--
That agreement, though, is
strictly between governments
and has no bearing on the
general public's views.
At most, we'd check
on how much nations
would want to supervise.
[HAKUYA] For that matter,
there are nations like ours.
Ones that have not signed
the Mankind Declaration.
If we, a foreign power,
were to force our
policies on them,
there could be a severe
backlash and even quite
possibly a war.
That's absolutely right.
Not like we have all the
information about monsters
and demons anyway.
It's dangerous
drawing conclusions
when there are still
so many unknowns.
Very well.
To be frank, it seems we should
discuss this matter further.
That is, if you would like.
That would be best.
[JEANNE]
Well, then.
I think it's time we discussed
the occupation of Van.
As you know, as per
the Mankind Declaration,
we will not recognize borders
altered by military force.
[SOUMA] And you should know
we will not return their land.
Amidonia was the one
that started this war.
If you allow for this behavior,
the Empire will lose
respect of both signatories
and non-signatories.
You may be right.
But we planned for this.
And because of their actions,
the Principality of Amidonia
will pay reparations.
If they refuse, will you
resort to force of arms?
If it's necessary.
What with the number of troops
I have stationed nearby,
it shouldn't be difficult,
defeating yours
and the principality's forces.
Most likely not.
However, we don't
wish to fight you.
So instead, let's lay
out our intentions.
First, the empires--
you don't want changes
to the borders, right?
That's why you
need Van returned.
To avoid a precedent.
Most perceptive.
Yes, you're correct.
In terms of my kingdom,
we wish to curb
Amidonia's ability for
future hostile action,
so they can't interfere
with us again.
We also want compensation
for their invasion.
[JEANNE] What you're saying is,
taking Van was mostly
to teach them a lesson?
In short, you would
relinquish control of Van,
only if the principality
adequately compensates
by paying you reparations.
Do I have that down right?
If Julius wants the city back
and pays, yes, I will return it.
To me, that's a shame.
Van could generate all sorts
of wealth in the long run
and we would be missing
out on that for a simple,
one-time payment.
I don't view it
as a bad situation.
The empire achieves
what they came here for,
and has the principality's
territory returned back to them.
As for the other
non-member nations...
It sends a clear
message to them all.
If you try anything similar,
you may not lose your land,
but you will pay for it.
You catch on quickly, Jeanne.
No surprise.
This ought to earn
some good faith with
non-member nations, too.
Julius is going to be
completely against it.
[SOUMA]
He created this situation.
One more thing,
please have the payments made
in imperial coinage.
You're dragging
my country into this?
The empire bears
some responsibility
for not quelling
Amidonia's rage outright.
I suppose there's
no denying that.
Tell me, Souma,
why hasn't Elfrieden signed
onto the Mankind
Declaration yet?
I hate to say this in
front of Princess Liscia,
but in Albert's case,
the reason he didn't join
our unified force...
That is, it's not that
he refused to.
My father couldn't make up his
mind whether to sign it or not.
He's a little indecisive.
You haven't signed
since taking the throne.
I imagine you have a
more concrete reason.
[SOUMA] I can't afford to give
her my answer just yet.
Then again, if I lie,
it'll adversely affect our new
relation with the empire.
I hope you'll trust me when
I say we want our nation
to march alongside yours
despite not being a signatory
on the treaty.
As long as Empress Maria
continues striving to unite
all of mankind in response to
the Demon Lord's Domain,
we will be your allies.
The kingdom is not
the enemy of the empire.
Even though you insist
we can trust you,
you still won't sign
the Declaration.
Our country couldn't
sign if we wanted to.
What we would like is
to enter into a bilateral
alliance with the empire.
One that would be kept secret.
Secret, you say? Go on.
We've finally got our
domestic affairs in order.
And now we're
reforming our military--
we're creating a new system.
one that will act as
a single, unified force.
Speaking of, is it true?
The empire is sending a
detachment to reinforce
the Union of Eastern Nations?
Yes.
They're a collection of
small-to-mid-size countries,
but most are signatories
of the Mankind Declaration.
Per the treaty, it's only right
we send them our troops.
That's right.
So why not allow
our country to take on
the exact same role?
You can't be serious.
[SOUMA] Say the demons
and monsters move south,
they'll surely avoid the Star
Dragon Mountain Range,
pushing either east or west.
If they head west,
the empire has them.
East, my kingdom will deal
with their numbers instead.
Well, that would require
some new protocols.
[SOUMA]
Yes, I know.
Should the empire, head of
the Mankind Declaration,
request reinforcements from
the Union of Eastern Nations,
they will be met.
As will any requests
made to our kingdom.
That's the form
I'd like this to take.
If it's discovered that our
two nations are in alliance,
it will make some
countries trepidatious.
Amidonia, yes, as well as Zem.
Not to mention the
Republic of Turgis.
It is for that reason we would
like this agreement of ours
to be kept
strictly confidential.
A secret alliance
only we know about.
For my part, I see no
reason why I shouldn't
accept your proposal,
but just how is this going to
benefit you in the long run?
The way I see it, we are earning
the trust of the empire.
I'm not sure I would call
that much of a benefit.
Maybe, but when the fate of
mankind hangs in the balance,
we can't think in terms
of profits and losses.
Plus, if we don't become
involved, other nations
will give us the cold shoulder.
That makes sense, but there's
too much distance between us.
How're the empire
and kingdom supposed to
communicate quickly?
I have a workaround
to eliminate that problem.
Hakuya, show her.
Yes, Sire.
[SOUMA] I'd like you
to give this to Maria.
It's a simple receiver.
If the empire would kindly
give us one in return,
we can reach each other anytime.
That way you and
my sister could be able
to easily converse,
person to person!
I cannot help but shudder at
your sheer inventiveness, Souma.
You're being too kind.
Where I'm from, these
systems are commonplace.
We must seem antiquated
to someone like you.
You just keep amazing me.
Listen, Souma, would you permit
me to make a rash proposal?
Uh... Go ahead.
Thank you for the opportunity.
All right, then.
Princess Liscia?
What is it?
[JEANNE] How would you
feel about giving Albert
the throne back?
So that way, you could give
Souma his own country.
[ALL gasp]
Or he could join the empire
and become our prime minister!
But that's just the start.
Ultimately, he would marry
my sister and become
the new emperor!
I--! Do you even understand
exactly how inappropriate
of a request that is?
What kind of negotiation
is this where you can
just suddenly decide
to steal our king from us?
But... Souma's thinking is
just so ahead of its time!
I would love to see the sort
of empire he and my sister
would end up creating!
It's simply out of the question!
You can't take Souma from me!
I mean, you can't take Souma
away from our kingdom!
Liscia, easy!
I swear I'm not going
anywhere! Okay?
Apologies for shouting.
I know your hand's
still on your sword.
Aisha, be good.
Majesty! Why're you
treating me so unfairly?
A generous offer, but I
can't accept your proposal.
For the kingdom's sake.
As well as Liscia's
and the others.
I understand.
It was a wild idea, but I
appreciate you humoring me.
Getting back to our
previous discussion.
Regarding this secret alliance,
it's a serious decision
I cannot make on my own.
That's what the
simple receiver's for.
[JEANNE]
It goes beyond that.
What would you say
to sending each other
several diplomatic officers?
I see what you mean.
That would make working
together much easier.
Then we'll proceed.
[laughs]
As for these Ambassadors,
let's assign them titles:
Extraordinary and
Plenipotentiary.
I also recommend we build
embassies in both capitals
to station them.
This all sounds brilliant!
I'll look into it immediately!
[SOUMA]
It's getting awfully late.
How about we call it a day?
[JEANNE]
Yes, I concur.
[JEANNE] We've been talking
longer than I thought.
The sun's already rising.
I feel like we discussed
a few subjects
that weren't necessarily
of importance.
I'm just glad these
negotiations led me to finding
someone I can depend on.
There is something
I think you should know,
my new good friend
from the east.
And what might that be,
new friend from the west?
Within the Demon's
Domain, there's a being
who is lord over the realm.
While we haven't cracked
the demon's language,
there is one word we
have noticed that they are
often repeating.
My country's researchers
have surmised that they
might actually be saying a name,
of the Demon Lord themself.
That word is "Divalroi."
Wait a minute,
the Demon Lord Divalroi?
Yes.
I've got the strangest feeling.
Almost like the name's familiar.
Wait. What is this?
Maybe deja-vu? No, it's not.
If only I could remember
where I heard the name from.
[LISCIA]
Souma!
Serina. Would you be kind
enough to show Jeanne
to her guest room?
[SOUMA] Really, all I need is
to get some sleep in my office.
Tonight, you're going
to sleep in a proper bed.
I don't know what
happened back there,
but at least let me
take care of you.
Thank you, Liscia.
It's my pleasure.